ah this is a bullet when the between
pieces of silver cup wise Malaya hotdog
bottle rushing about a year now is
skyway together with low profile Google
om Constanza and down to the finish for
the first time why don't we give our
round of applause for these nine runners
mala line between oysters is sky race
arias tight hug down but I was running
by the rote Erde
I'll rank back in fourth low profile
then followed by blue get low in the
defending champion can the own Dixie go
da long side Kaiserslautern and hot and
spicy trails the field
meanwhile now we up the people's jump
Hong but who now takes the lead by about
the length is caramelized arias tied up
low profile is racing in port book at
London paper then stepping stone stakes
come Scanlon Kaiserslautern Dixie gold
and hot and spicy is there a single
answer we've got cut down bottle II
Skyway takes to eat once again male
entered low profile saloon poor then
here comes Boogaloo ena now trying to
get closer input Big C Gordon six can
LAN Kaiserslautern and hot and spicy is
Thai way just in front of dong bottle
once tagging dollar Einstein low-profile
then followed by Phuket low in Maya
Kaiserslautern indexical de escala put
up five have down below letting up oh
god low in inter guys - Lana the taste
is that I'm stuck he's got away
he's still the leader blue purple and
second blue get low in hot the motto
then come sixty golden boy
Oh second low profile dick T golden
Const Kaiserslautern can lon